the aftermath of another Israeli strike
on Gaza the bombardment hitting homes
and buildings where people are taking
Refuge residents struggle to pull the
injured and the dead from the
destruction Palestinian authorities say
more than a thousand people across the
strip are missing under the
rubble tens of thousands are taking
shelter at schools run by the UN Refugee
agency we escaped we are scared shelling
is everywhere the world must understand
understand our situation we have
children and we have sick people also
they displaced people who are suffering
from cancer we are
terrorized they have destroyed my house
I have no other place to live I don't
know where to go our life is hell they
told us to go to the South and here we
are in the South I'm sick and tired of
everything I don't need food I just need
to go back to my house take me to my
place and I will live in a tent
there Hospitals and Clinics are at
Breaking
Point gaza's largest hospital Al shifa
is overcrowded with people who have fled
their homes or what's left of
them the burden on the health sector is
so huge and large numbers of people are
taking shelter here and in schools in
total disorder with no hygiene it will
cause epidemics across Gaza and beyond
their health situation is extremely
dangerous compounding the problem is
Israel's blockade it's cut essential
supplies of food and fuel and water has
run out in un shelters even if the water
is restored the water is going to go to
big uh containers in Gaza which means
that they the the the water will need to
be trucked to different locations and to
truck the water to different locations
we need fuel for the trucks so it's
really a chain of of events that need to
happen before people can actually get
water and with electricity night brings
almost complete darkness to Gaza and a
fear of what may come next imag in
Kimber
aler